Oh
[Music]
hmm
you
[Music]
and so we're going to break down the
beginning part what we're doing is open
we're going to slide on the g-string
from the second to the third and then
hit the open B and E string
and we slide back from the fourth string
fourth fret back to the second on that
third string and what I'm doing is I
noticed I use my first finger to mute
the first two notes as I reach back to
the first fret so I'll do that again
slow for you
[Music]
and one more time oops
now we're coming up to two and four on
the second string here
[Music]
I
and the bottom to be East
and then we come up to and then we had
on the suspended
[Music]
and you can play the full eat de chord
if you like which he does I think during
the verse
[Music]
yeah
and then the bridge comes it's a B and a
D and he adds a suspended so I'm just
playing the second half of it
[Music]
you
and so that's pretty much the rhythm
inverse and we'll come into the lead
here I come into the lead
[Music]
so what we're doing there we're
stretching the g string up and striking
the B in the beginning
and he comes up in hammers on the
d-string at the second fret
and we slide up to the denote
and
[Music]
do that again
I
[Music]
we come back up to 12 here we're kind of
doing a Chuck Berry thing hit the 12 on
the outside 14 on the g string and hit
the beam a on the 12 then we do do keV
and maybe this is where slash got part
of sweet child of mine who knows but it
reminds me of it we're going to hit the
15 on the B string and then the 12 on
the B string then we're going to come up
to 14 on the E string back to 12 on a B
[Music]
so we'll do that again
do it one more time
[Music]
then we stretch up that 15 come up to
the 17 on the e then we hit the 17 and
the B 19 on the e then let it release it
and hit 19 again then you do a pull-off
hammer-on after you reach that 20 so on
the B so we go 1917 20 and then we do
the hammer
[Music]
time
that's it so I hope you enjoy so